So let's see if you can sell the program with all comers.
So from an article on pro-CPS And what are going to add new approach.
So from here in the open they find there we have these guys.
You can see we have these recipes great tips and your complete guide to wellness and you're going up
and these guys right here in.
So we have these smiled with some grace.
Some can't say that we're setting the scene or website.
So the description is going to be this Caterina's bad guy and maybe we can add something like September
2017 or something like that.
And you can copy these.
And then this clip shown what I'm going to copy these newish for these Mohn includes.
Well when I bought the x ray here we're going to select this thing we're going to create will at least
and it's going to be next.
Now you can see these
like that.
So what are these.
Again it's going to be bullets and I have no issue for these mine includes the price is $5 so we're
going up 5.
So then you can see here on the payroll data we have virtual downloadable.
And for example you can see if I cover here they're going to say it's downloadable brokes deep access
file option purchase.
So what said these.
Yeah definitely one the ones the usurpers submit the payments.
We want to allow them to the probably And now you can see we have visual approach in reading before
trial and honorable Perabo may be something really similar right.
Well you can see if I overhear them bear trial with happy little brokes are intent in intangible and
not ship it.
So definitely we have our PBF and this is not ship it's all we can have and you can see the ship in
time is remote.
So for example maybe you are asking in what case the probe is going to be downloadable but is not going
to be virtual.
So for example let's say that you are sitting in tutorial of course or something maybe you are setting
up photography course and you have 100 videos that you want to have the ability to be part of it.
No not it once the user submit the payment.
Then you went on to include a book with some photography's and everything and that work is going to
be scanned you'll see in the post me.
In that case it's going to be downloadable but it's not going to be Bertran.
Another example let's say that you are selling a game that the user can download.
But as we are shown a manual where this is a physical book with some illustrations of the game.
In that case is going to be downloadable and not me.
So if you plan to send the product to the user is not going to be a trial in this case.
Were only selling these.
So we going to be worthwhile and downloadable.
Then we have that on file and we can select the file that is going to be scanned once they use.
So it's the payment and you can choose five right here.
And you can upload this guy.
That be if you can instead of the five you're around and you can see if we can find your right right
here.
So once the user submit the payment is going to be directed to these you read and from here you can
type the name.
It's going to be copy these and Page Raheen.
You can have another file if you want.
Make it so you only have these files going to remove these.
They don't leave me leave blank for on limited read only what's in that case.
Let's add something like five.
We're going to allow the user to learn not these five maximum five times is really common that they
use her if you have one.
And if the user has a problem on that in the broke it's going to it's not going to allow the user to
run again.
So we're going at five.
But of course you can change this to anything that you want and you have the expiration for that on
love and you can see what happened.
The number of days before the link expires.
Maybe we're going to have seven days if one of either taxes or if when a player class is going to be
right here.
And again you're going outside the minatory or something like that.
All this is going to be the same.
So for example right here we have their broker or is working out the guides in PBF in this category.
And we're going to that that's going to be IPs and that these sort of another feature rematch in this
case is going to be that they're the guy that JP and said the old E match right here.
Folies
and then you can be sure that
so now you can see her cowardness bad guy PBF September 2017 and you can see we have five dollars and
one in everything.
So once we install base Barling we can figure the payment Gateway's we're going to make a test and see
if everything is working.
But this is how you can create the honorable products you've seen with commers.